Natalie Austin: Kenny.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Kennie Brown: Yes, I can hear you.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Natalie Austin: Welcome in a bright heart.
Kennie Brown: Thank you. How are you doing this morning.
Natalie Austin: Good. Are you dumb.
Natalie Austin: Did you come from another facility.
Natalie Austin: At yeah I did actually saw new for you.
Kennie Brown: Know, I am. I've been going with a another doctor out of grip city, Ohio. It's about I've been with him for
Kennie Brown: About all this
Kennie Brown: It was when I had to like, you know, financially paid for every month and I have a medical card. So I thought, I'm, I'm not using that. So you're I am
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: your date of birth is June 22 1989 right
Yes.
Natalie Austin: You pulled up there.
Natalie Austin: Look, tell me about your, give me your story.
Until
Kennie Brown: I had started like
Kennie Brown: On the whole web on the appeal thing I had had a hysterectomy, and
Get a doctor.
Kennie Brown: To prescribe to me. Me and it ended up I got addicted and before it online it up. I was flying off the street, stuff like that. So, and I just woke up one day and we'll
Kennie Brown: Hire wasn't like this. I'm tired spend the money and somebody had told me about this, about the program and I saw, I looked it up and you know come around to a few doctors and then go down to one doctor and then
Kennie Brown: That doctor's office and when when Andrew, or they got her LICENSE TAKEN AWAY OR SOMETHING THAT so that after going to the other one and August.
Kennie Brown: And I've been going there every sense and had drug screens and done good and it was just
Kennie Brown: A lot
Kennie Brown: Better whole family. I have a whole family for, you know, for the addiction, I
Natalie Austin: Have them.
Kennie Brown: Her sister all on the same path to
Natalie Austin: Are they all going. Are they all going to come over to bright heart to are they gone the same softer, you were before.
Kennie Brown: And now there's two of them is not going to a doctor period and then
Kennie Brown: My daughter, she's and
Kennie Brown: She has a choice.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha.
But
Natalie Austin: The other two over
Natalie Austin: Yeah, give each other some support.
Kennie Brown: System right they always definitely need that.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, absolutely.
Kennie Brown: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So what what age did all this start. How old are you, and you got the hysterectomy.
Kennie Brown: I was 25
Natalie Austin: Oh, this young
Kennie Brown: Yeah yeah really young.
Kennie Brown: Boy young and I was working to midnight shift job and working all the time and
Kennie Brown: It kind of gave me
Kennie Brown: Kind of gives me the energy and
Kennie Brown: I thought all
All became
Natalie Austin: Gotcha, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Um, and then use ones like Percocet, or Viking
Kennie Brown: Yeah. And also, you know, I never
Kennie Brown: I never
Kennie Brown: I never got into
Kennie Brown: I've never done cracker cocaine. You know nothing other than, than the opiates for pain pills, that's, you know, that was just my route was too scared to go
Kennie Brown: And venture on anything. Oh my god.
Natalie Austin: So you've been in therapy for about two years then Suboxone PRP.
Kennie Brown: Yep. Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good. And what were you taking there. What was the
Kennie Brown: Dose I was taking
Up.
Kennie Brown: Being on
Kennie Brown: Started on like me on pre and day to begin with and then the
Kennie Brown: Government came in, or who have FDA.
Kennie Brown: Regulates little bit more and then they
Kennie Brown: Kept me down to two. And then last, the last year at
Kennie Brown: Least two a day.
Kennie Brown: And then character source. I got to where they wasn't want to pay for the strips and then they
Kennie Brown: Changed it from the tablet.
Kennie Brown: And it says, Now you don't have to have a prior authorization for any of us, which is nice.
Natalie Austin: If it's over, it's over.
Natalie Austin: 60 tablets, you need a prior off.
Natalie Austin: Day, you won't have you won't need a prior off. Correct.
Kennie Brown: Right, with
Natalie Austin: Tablets. Eight. Eight to
Natalie Austin: Eight slash two tablets.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So we'll continue. That was last time you took one
Kennie Brown: Probably about 20 minutes
Natalie Austin: Okay, we'll have enough
Kennie Brown: I have enough. I was due to get back to my doctor on
Kennie Brown: Wednesday of this week.
Okay.
Kennie Brown: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, absolutely.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you go to CVS on East Main Street.
Yes.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: It's in Jackson, Ohio. Right.
Kennie Brown: Yes, yes.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, tell me about your past medical history.
Kennie Brown: And I have had
Kennie Brown: I don't know, starting to like 30 years old I ended up high blood pressure and stuff.
Kennie Brown: Like that and ended up having those are taking a famous doctor for high blood pressure.
Natalie Austin: High blood pressure.
Kennie Brown: Just
Kennie Brown: found out I had done work.
Kennie Brown: For sounds a lot of tests and found out that I have a what's called a fee.
Kennie Brown: Which is, it's a small tumor on your adrenal gland and it makes your body produce extra amount of epinephrine, which makes your heart beat faster, which makes you have high blood pressure and stuff like that, which is all right. Currently controlled by blood pressure medicine. So I take
Kennie Brown: Three different blood pressure pills a day.
Natalie Austin: And I
Kennie Brown: I take this real were anxiety, which I've done that since I was probably 14 years old.
Natalie Austin: What was that called you set up the adrenal
Natalie Austin: Adrenal insufficiency or
Kennie Brown: It's a tumor.
Kennie Brown: On your adrenal gland. It's a, it's called a CEO is the short name.
Natalie Austin: Oh, feel promise that toasters.
Kennie Brown: Yes, exactly. You say that a lot of people don't know what you're talking about doctors. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I never heard a call with CEO before
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Was it benign or malignant.
It was
Natalie Austin: Yep. Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that makes more sense. Okay.
Natalie Austin: When I learned something new. You call it a seal, I learned
Kennie Brown: When I brought the doctor for, you know, that's what
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I had to go see a specialist a professional very rare to have
Natalie Austin: Good, yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you have diabetes thyroid. Yes.
Kennie Brown: I have Type two diabetes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Kennie Brown: Other than that, I don't. I mean, I've been diagnosed with I've went and had
Kennie Brown: Breathing tasks.
Kennie Brown: And done a sleep study and
Kennie Brown: Like a in the beginning stages of
COPD.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's
Kennie Brown: It wasn't
Kennie Brown: Sure, though I use inhalers that
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Your Thyroid diseases. No other cancers.
Natalie Austin: You said you have some anxiety, too.
Kennie Brown: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Take any medicine for that.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I
Just
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Any depression.
Kennie Brown: No, not really.
Kennie Brown: But just right now being stuck in a house all the time. This virus stuff going
Natalie Austin: crazy, isn't it.
Kennie Brown: It is
Natalie Austin: I said your prescription out, they might not feel it just because you still have the other one but
Kennie Brown: It.
Natalie Austin: Just, it can just sit there
Kennie Brown: Okay yeah cuz I have my blood pressure medicine and stuff like that, doing a couple days to
Kennie Brown: Do everything on auto refill usually
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you have diabetes type two generalized anxiety COPD, type two diabetes type two diabetes type one yes up
Kennie Brown: Take
It to
Natalie Austin: The nine feel closer toma
Natalie Austin: Hypertension tobacco use.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll pass surgeries.
Kennie Brown: You said hysterectomy. It's 20 hysterectomy hands. Yep, and breezy section.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you still have your gallbladder and your appendix.
And
Natalie Austin: Yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: Family history or your parents still alive.
Kennie Brown: Yes, they're both still alive.
Kennie Brown: They both have hypertension and my dad has
Kennie Brown: Type one diabetes.
Kennie Brown: My mom has hypertension, because I have diabetes, as far as I know.
Okay.
Kennie Brown: Other than that, they're thorough right my dad's been
Natalie Austin: He's been diagnosed with have
Kennie Brown: Like multiple
Kennie Brown: Like skin cancers removed.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And how old are they
Kennie Brown: My mom is 57
Kennie Brown: And my dad is 7071
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do any brothers or sisters
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I have a an older sister. He over by like 11 months and then I have a brother who's 14 months younger than I am.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And the, the sister, they're both in have addiction as well. Correct. Yes. Yeah. So, brother.
Natalie Austin: And your mom, my brother.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, my mom. Yeah, my dad doesn't. He's the only one that doesn't. But he was a recovering alcoholic, though he was always an alcoholic, you know, Berlin.
Kennie Brown: Or whatever. But he hasn't drink for like a really, really long time.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, yeah, we're gonna say interrupt you there.
Kennie Brown: You are
Kennie Brown: Oh, that was good that he was just a recovering alcoholic.
Kennie Brown: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm okay.
Natalie Austin: Social History, are you married single divorced
Gay.
Kennie Brown: I have a man my live and beyond say
Kennie Brown: You've been together just over six years, Mark, you know, March 17 make six years.
Kennie Brown: We get we get along pretty good. He has the same thing. He's been, you know, and we got together. He was on the addiction thing and he's going to the same doctor that I just was going to
Kennie Brown: Be getting on the phone to do his assessment stuff with you guys this week and getting
Natalie Austin: Your company. Yeah, okay.
Kennie Brown: It just that when we're both working it works out better that way because when we're both work and he's working
Kennie Brown: 60 hours a week and I'm working, you know, 50 6070 hours a week, so it's usually pretty busy working all the time.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you have any kids.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I have three kids, they're all 18 years old and older, I have an 1820 and 22 year old.
Kennie Brown: Okay, like my 22 year old. My daughter, she actually I have a three year old grandson from her grandkids so far.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, he's he's in there in bed right now.
Natalie Austin: See what they all do they all live with you so
Kennie Brown: Much neither all around the room, but I've just been awful work here lately, I've got to keep him a lot. Luckily, because I usually work a lot and don't spend a lot of time with him, but I've been fortunate enough of that lately.
Natalie Austin: So you're not working at all them.
Kennie Brown: Know, and I work two jobs before all this, I worked at Pizza Hut, and Bob Evans both and ours were just cut so drastically that it just has you know even feasible to work.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Whatever getting unemployment.
Kennie Brown: I haven't got it yet. So I just found my third week yesterday, so I'm
Natalie Austin: Saying, yeah. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So you're. Are you a waitress a server.
Kennie Brown: Well, I was cooking. I started at Pizza Hut. I've been there for a year and I was I was cooking. I'm like, well then I went and whenever two levels and started working and cut my time and a half with that so pizza had on my from cooking to serve them and then just cooking at Bob Evans.
Kennie Brown: Bob Evans deserve a pizza hut on like
Natalie Austin: Did you go to school. It'll be a cook or chef.
Kennie Brown: You just have never actually went to school for accounting
Kennie Brown: Accounting. Wow.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, totally, totally off track.
Natalie Austin: You didn't like it.
Kennie Brown: You did.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I did, actually, as well. I like
Kennie Brown: There's just nothing around here really in that job line. You know what I mean, but
Kennie Brown: I probably like cooking a lot better.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Sounds like it's more fun.
Kennie Brown: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, any alcohol use, or you should go IV drug use any alcohol or marijuana use
Kennie Brown: I haven't passed, you know, drinking too much smoke pot, but it's just that something that I never really liked. I was wondering, people may be scared. Kind of stuff.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, just
Kennie Brown: You know, like during Dorinda
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then tobacco. How much do you smoke a day.
Kennie Brown: Pack probably about an hour and a half, maybe a day.
Natalie Austin: Since age, what
Kennie Brown: About 16 okay
Natalie Austin: Um, when you're 40 now. Right. Yeah.
Kennie Brown: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any allergies.
Natalie Austin: Will go into allergies and medications. No.
Natalie Austin: Give me allergies. Don't worry. Our
Kennie Brown: Basic yeah my allergies to any medication is a rhythm, my son.
Kennie Brown: And I guess it just makes me break out
Kennie Brown: But that's the only medication hours that I
Natalie Austin: Have that on my left.
Natalie Austin: Or my son.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: And what medications are you taking right now.
Natalie Austin: Covered
I take
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I take a little bit. Hello.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Kennie Brown: I took the Center for you.
Kennie Brown: Just real
Natalie Austin: How much
Kennie Brown: I take 50 milligrams three times a day.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Pro.
Natalie Austin: A pro
Kennie Brown: 10 milligrams a day.
Natalie Austin: And what else
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Kennie Brown: I'll take 300 milligrams three times a day.
Natalie Austin: 300 milligrams
Kennie Brown: Three times a day.
Natalie Austin: Take
micros it
Natalie Austin: Is
Pure
Kennie Brown: Water pill.
Kennie Brown: What's the other name.
Natalie Austin: For 505. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I had to plug it in here.
You're right.
Natalie Austin: It's about
Natalie Austin: It's all
Good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, hydrochloric acid.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: 25 or 50 milligrams
Kennie Brown: Just for one time a day. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is that it for meds.
Kennie Brown: Yep, that's it.
Natalie Austin: And I put the Suboxone
Natalie Austin: A flash two tablets 1pm on twice a day.
Kennie Brown: Okay, yeah, I usually take one the morning and then one in the evening or afternoon.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Okay. Perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, under school under review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, headache, swelling,
Kennie Brown: No, no, not for a while.
To any difficulty.
Natalie Austin: Any vision problems, any heart palpitations swelling.
Kennie Brown: Neck.
Natalie Austin: So 14 point system reviewed negative
Natalie Austin: Good list off 14 systems, I guess, is negative.
Natalie Austin: Physical exam general auto owners female Nokia distress. How tall are you,
Kennie Brown: I am four foot nine
Natalie Austin: Foot nine height is four foot nine, how much do you weigh
Natalie Austin: About 115 15 is the weight okay at&t parallel Perla cardiac pulses and tech long is not only restorations admin understand extremities know Tema cyclic mores have three neuro programmers to through 12 and tax.
Natalie Austin: To tell you deferred muscle skeletal five plus five.
Natalie Austin: Next line assessment opioid
Natalie Austin: Abuse f one
Natalie Austin: Miles assigned plan of continue Suboxone eight slash two tablets one POV ID.
Natalie Austin: I call that into CVS today.
Kennie Brown: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Will do what you're doing monthly urine drug screens.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then I'm going to send you lab work out as well, just a one time lab work.
Kennie Brown: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You should get an email for that. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco cessation recommended
Right.
Ready to
Natalie Austin: Continue with your PCP for your other medications.
Natalie Austin: Does that, does a PCP give you the visceral to or do you see a psychiatrist.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I beg you make the best real to you. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Then we have weekly group meetings. It's like a group and check on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: Okay, at noon and then at six.
Kennie Brown: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you can choose whatever one
Natalie Austin: You know you want to attend.
Kennie Brown: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll send you will send you a link to that.
Natalie Austin: Okay, as well. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: send a copy to Dr. Jane Austen for cosine. Okay. I want to look your information up in the order system here to
Natalie Austin: Be here.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, you have an inhaler. I forgot about that. Yeah.
Kennie Brown: Oh yeah, it's hard to idea to write anything
Kennie Brown: It's just
Natalie Austin: The preventable. Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, your other Suboxone place yeah they give you like 56 so eventually we'll be able to get a monthly. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, but just because you're new with us. We have to do it.
Natalie Austin: Weekly, and then two weeks and then monthly
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Natalie Austin: February 19 live bait alone.
Natalie Austin: March 12 you got it all filled in their head drops has been
Natalie Austin: Set by Johnson. Johnson, the doctor.
Kennie Brown: Yes, yes, that was on my, on my best real it's
Kennie Brown: It's all Dr. Hall now.
Kennie Brown: There'll be having my blood pressure and stuff like that.
Natalie Austin: Okay. And you're also in sex offender dean or did you stop that.
Kennie Brown: No, I stopped that.
Natalie Austin: Flu Connors all
Natalie Austin: In the antibiotics.
Kennie Brown: There's a couple things.
Kennie Brown: I want to probably old yeah I was there for a while. I had a sinus infection and he just prescribed me a an antibiotic for
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is your fiancee say Late Late off as well.
Kennie Brown: Yes, he is.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, he got to work. You've got to work or have we gone through it and
Natalie Austin: That's crazy.
Natalie Austin: Your inhaler in there.
Natalie Austin: your full name, Kenny.
Natalie Austin: Yes, yeah.
Kennie Brown: She met my dad.
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, everybody calls me cricket.
Natalie Austin: Oh, OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, and an IE. How do you spell your last name again.
Kennie Brown: Be Oro WAM
Natalie Austin: Date of Birth is June.
Natalie Austin: 22 1979 1979 622 79 okay
Natalie Austin: And what is your zip code.
Kennie Brown: 45640
Natalie Austin: Your search criteria.
Natalie Austin: Got on March 13 you just got 58 tablets. Is that correct, yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, a couple more days for that.
Natalie Austin: And that was at Kroger, though, huh.
Kennie Brown: You switch to the
Natalie Austin: Call tab.
Kennie Brown: They were out with the every reason
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you're if you want to stay with CBS with us.
Kennie Brown: Yeah. Yes. I want to. I'm like, like all my lessons there. That way they have all of it, know everything. I think
Natalie Austin: Absolutely Walmart. I thought Walmart stop doing it anyway. I see how some scripts.
Kennie Brown: From Robert while
Natalie Austin: Yeah, Walgreens. Okay.
Kennie Brown: Yeah yeah
Kennie Brown: Okay. Yeah, they did they stop they stopped accepting curious, or worse.
Natalie Austin: Yep, exactly.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And CBS still takes care source.
Yes.
Kennie Brown: Good. Yeah, they kind of took all offerings patience.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So do you have any problems, taking the medicine. Do you have any nausea or
Natalie Austin: Anything like
Natalie Austin: That okay do you take was food.
Kennie Brown: Yeah, I actually I'll take it. You enjoy you drinking a cup of coffee after but yeah
Kennie Brown: It will, it will make me sick. I don't eat before you know what
Kennie Brown: It will
Natalie Austin: Do
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Where did you start taking the Suboxone before
Natalie Austin: Was it an
Kennie Brown: Idea. I did. And then I do
Natalie Austin: Yes, and I quit for a
Kennie Brown: While and
Kennie Brown: Like I know my own cold turkey and just went without it, and then going back
Natalie Austin: Okay, just realize you need to get back on it.
Kennie Brown: It worked better for you to be
Natalie Austin: On it.
Yeah.
Kennie Brown: It did, then yeah, then to be
Natalie Austin: Away from us.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
Kennie Brown: Thank you for everything.
Natalie Austin: here real quick.
Natalie Austin: emails about your, your drug screen or the lab work yet.
Kennie Brown: No, not yet, my email. I kind of quiet.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, um,
Natalie Austin: What they've been doing is I'm
Natalie Austin: sending it to quest.
Natalie Austin: Will send you an email to say and I sent her
Natalie Austin: The requisition over to you just go there and get it done.
Natalie Austin: The lab work and I, you're in the urine drug screens or monthly which you you know you did that before probably right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so do monthly urine drug screens weekly group therapy if you want individual you're welcome to have that as well.
Natalie Austin: So if you
Natalie Austin: Want that just let us know.
So, okay.
Natalie Austin: Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: Alrighty. I think we've covered everything get a script I sent in. But you like you said that they will fill it to Wednesday with it'll just sit there
Natalie Austin: And just Wednesday when you can go pick it up. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: There's a troll. Just give us a call, say,
Kennie Brown: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I have a problem with it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: If they say they just say you switch doctors
Kennie Brown: You know yeah so I bet they actually may have already filled because they sent me a text prescription ready to say
Natalie Austin: Oh, nice. Okay, well, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Good job. Yeah.
Well,
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Do you have any other questions.
Kennie Brown: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so I might see this Thursday. If not, I'll see you next Thursday and group.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay, okay.
Sounds good.
Kennie Brown: All right, now when
Natalie Austin: You again.
Natalie Austin: I'm usually in the groups.
Natalie Austin: The Group group. Yeah, on Thursdays, or if you want to individual, we can do it on Monday, anytime on Monday.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm open from 7am to 7pm on Mondays. So, okay, whatever you want to do some, some people like the group aspect. Somebody would like to talk to me about themselves. So john you want
Natalie Austin: I mean, you still have to attend to group just for the counseling part
Natalie Austin: But
Natalie Austin: But some people on do both, they'll do the group, then they'll meet with me on Monday on myself.
Natalie Austin: So whatever you feel comfortable with.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Alright, sounds good. Okay. We'll see you soon. Okay.
Kennie Brown: All right. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Kennie Brown: Bye.